Is there any reason we need
to duplicate the loader
code from index.tsx instead of just
exporting the loader from dot?
>> Yeah, okay, so
we have our admin that has a loader.
And that loader looks suspiciously
like the loader in our index,
in fact, it looks identical.
Except yeah,
this one is a const declaration too.
Okay, now it's identical.
So yes, you actually could, if you
wanted to, export  from '.'.
And that would work, this will work.
I do not advise this.
Because in practical situations,
it's actually quite rare that you'd ever
be able to to do that, that it would work.
Also because the type of loader,
now you have to import that loader.
I really don't typically advise
importing things from route modules,
that is not your job.
So if you have some code
that you need to share,
put it somewhere else and
import it in both, just general practice.
In fact, in the Advanced Remix Workshop,
we do have one situation
where we do import from a route module and
I'll explain why.
But for the most part, you don't wanna
be importing from other modules or
from route modules.
That is the job of the Remix framework.
Again, actually in practical situations,
this is very uncommon to have a loader
that is exactly the same as a sibling, and
so I wouldn't worry too much about this.
But if you did, then just put it in
a separate module and import it from both.
>> Will each route turn into a separate
edge function when deploying to edge or
will the whole Remix app
be deployed to the edge?
>> Great question,
the whole Remix app, on the edge,
in serverless environments, in particular,
you typically have a limit to how big
a JavaScript file you can ship up there.
And typically,
you also have to compile all of your code
into a single file before you upload it.
And so there's a limit to
how big that file can be.
And so, yes, this can be
a concern in a large application,
especially one that's using a lot
of dependencies and things.
Typically, one megabyte worth
of JavaScript is like, wow,
that's a lot of JavaScript.
But it can totally happen in sizable apps.
And currently Remix does not have
anything built in to chunk that out to
separate individual functions that
will integrate seamlessly or whatever.
However, actually just today,
I saw somebody share a tool that they
are using to split up a Remix app
into multiple Cloudflare functions.
So it is possible,
it's just not built into Remix.
>> Will Remix add auth in
the future similar to remix-auth?
>> Great question, will Remix add auth?
Remix may in the future add
built-in authentication.
The challenge is, so there's remix-auth,
a package created by Sergio,
and it's great, I've used it and
it works pretty nicely.
So if Remix were to build in auth,
it might resemble something
like that package, but
this app has auth and
here is the auth for it.
It's like 100 lines of
code that you can change.
And, I don't know, to me,
this is a pretty simple cookie API.
That's the only API in here
that is Remix specific,
everything else is just
general JavaScript stuff.
I kinda like that.
If my auth can be written by myself,
then I'm going to do it that way.
So I'm not sure even if Remix
could build it in or would,
I'm not sure that it'd
be my preference anyway.
But I understand that some people
want to just have everything built in
out of the box,
it's gonna be all taken care of for you.
And that's why we have the stacks,
it's already built for you.
So I don't think,
I guess I can say that's not
a priority currently for
the Remix team, yeah?
>> Could you have
/posts/admin.tsx instead of
moving that code into
/posts/admin/index.tsx?
>> Yeah, so couldn't I just take this
stuff and put it inside of here?
So there's a really important difference.
So this file is the parent route, it's
the layout route, the one responsible for
rendering what shows up when the admin
route is available or showing.
This is what's responsible for
when there are no other
children routes being rendered.
And this is what's responsible for
showing when the /new route
is currently being rendered.
And so depending on what you
want to have show up and where,
that's where you're gonna
be putting your code.
And so we couldn't just take all of
this stuff and put it in the index.
Because then when we go to the new route,
none of this stuff will be here, and
I want this list of links to show up even
when I'm on the create new post route.
So, yeah, where you put it
depends highly on where you want
that UI to show up based on the routes.
And there's an argument to be had for
sharing code.
You could just put all this in a component
and render it in both of these routes.
And there may be a situation or
a use case for that.
I should also mention, we don't really
get into this in today's workshop.
But if you wanted to have
a /post/admin/something else that was not
wrapped by the admin route,
that didn't have this UI,
there are use cases for that, and
I can show you one here in a sec.
If you wanted to do that,
then you'd say, admin.whatever.tsx.
And that dot says,
I want to be a slash in the URL, but
I don't wanna be nested inside
of the admin parent, okay?
And so now I can say, oops,
let's do a rmx component,
return "admin whatever";.
And now if I go to admin/whatever,
then it just shows admin whatever.
So it's not gonna be a part of that
parent route even though it's that way in
the URL segments, and
that's just a part of the convention.
If we look at the npx remix routes now,
we'll get this route
here that you can see is not a nested
route inside of the admin section.
So that is possible, and
what is the use case?
I've got a use case on my blog, actually.
So my blog is the parent route.
Every one of these blog posts
is a child of that parent.
So it's /blog/useuemo-and-usecallback.
But I don't really want that nested under
my big listing of all my blog posts,
that wouldn't really make sense.
And so
I have a blog.$ slug to make that work.
>> Is it possible to nest admin.whatever
into admin/.whatever to keep
the folder structure consistent with
nested routes regarding layout choices?
>> Yeah, it is possible.
Not with the built-in convention,
but as I was saying earlier,
you can build your own
convention in the Remix config.
And you could say routes,
I can't remember,
it's an async function.
And then you get
a defineRoutes thing here.
And you do all your async stuff, and
oops, and then you return defineRoutes,
and there's a whole API for this.
But yes,
you could define your own structure
to be whatever you want it to be.
But currently, no, there's no way for you
to say, I wanna have an admin.whatever,
but actually still put it inside of
the admin directory or whatever.
Yeah, there's no way to do that.